---

title: "Oh hai bloggy"
description: "It's been a while..."
date: 30 August 2023
published: true

---

This is a draft of a post that was originally to be posted in March 2022. I'm not really sure why I never posted it (or why I mentioned McDonalds), but it was intended as a quick update on what I was doing at the time:

> *It sure has been a while since I updated this.*
>
> *I'd love to tell you that it's because I spent the better part of the last few months trekking across the vastness that is North America, visiting the West Coast, Rocky Mountains, Great Plains, Deep South, Canada, and seeing how many McDonalds I run into along the way...*
>
> *...But that would be false - and also probably something I would never think to do with highly contagious COVID floating around. Instead...I just never really updated this blog. I had some ideas for posts, and they may come to fruition soon, but the last few months were me focusing on learning and the job hunt...*
> 
> *...and then I got a job.*
>
> *Yes, the thing that this blog was intended for ended up happening without the assistance of this blog - if that makes sense.*
>
> *Honestly, it caught me by surprise. I didn't even apply for my job - someone from the company found me on LinkedIn, sent me a message, and then a few interviews later I was hired.*
>
> *So what now?*

> *Well...I'm not sure. As you may expect with a developer job, I'm usually busy with code all day. However, due to some...circumstances, I'm currently the only U.S. based dev at my company - the others are in another country (I won't say which one for...reasons).*
> 
> *I will, however, try and update this blog somewhat.*

So what brings me back to my blog today?

Well...things have happened since then, the biggest one of which is the fact that __I am no longer at the job I mentioned here__.

I won't get into what happened or why I left said job here - maybe at a future time.

So the big thing, in my mind, is this: what's next for me? 

For starters, I'm looking for work. I'd like a new job sooner rather than later (for MANY reasons), so I know I need to be on that ASAP (though that's been difficult than I had anticipated - I'll get into that soon).

As for this blog, I'd like to get back into a somewhat regular posting schedule. I don't know exactly what that would be, but I'm hoping for at least one post a week.

I'm not sure how exactly to end this, but like I said, I'll try and update again soon.