---

title: "Focus"
subtitle: ""
date: 8 September 2025
published: true

---

One of the most challenging things about trying to maintain multiple blogs:

Focus.

I've realized that this site is basically like one of those memes where everyone celebrates one thing while another thing is forgotten - because for most of the last month, that's kinda been the case. I've put in so much work on my other blog - <a href="https://sportventures.netlify.app" target="blank">Sportventures</a> - which has caused this blog to more or less be left behind (outside of a few smaller updates). However, I want to keep that site focused on sporting content only - this is where I want to post more of my "other" stuff such as thoughts on my line of work (i.e. web and software development). 

The only issue is...there hasn't been much of "anything else" in the past month. I'm still seeking a job, and given how that has been in 2025 for A LOT of people, things on that end have been...slow. Meanwhile, personal situations are RAGING on in the background, which have divided my focus quite a bit and made everything that much harder.

However, I do feel like I need to soldier forward. Some things NEED to be addressed by the end of this year, as I don't know what will happen if they aren't. I feel like it's well within my capacity to get these things done - it's only a matter of effort.

Sorry for getting a bit emotional (for lack of a better term), but I also feel like it's better for me to be open about things rather than trying to hold it in. After all, I did as "how can I increase visibility?" on LinkedIn last Friday.