---

title: "Oh hai bloggy"
description: "It's been a while..."
date: 30 August 2022
published: false

---

> It sure has been a while since I updated this.
>
> I'd love to tell you that it's because I spent the better part of the last few months trekking across the vastness that is North America, visiting the West Coast, Rocky Mountains, Great Plains, Deep South, Canada, and seeing how many McDonalds I run into along the way...
>
> ...But that would be false - and also probably something I would never think to do with highly contagious COVID floating around. Instead...I just never really updated this blog. I had some ideas for posts, and they may come to fruition soon, but the last few months were me focusing on learning and the job hunt...
> 
> ...and then I got a job.
>
> Yes, the thing that this blog was intended for ended up happening without the assistance of this blog - if that makes sense.
>
> Honestly, it caught me by surprise. I didn't even apply for my job - someone from the company found me on LinkedIn, sent me a message, and then a few interviews later I was hired.
>
>So what now?

> Well...I'm not sure. As you may expect with a developer job, I'm usually busy with code all day. However, due to some...circumstances, I'm currently the only U.S. based dev at my company - the others are in another country (I won't say which one, but it's...not exactly a good time to be from there right now).
> 
> I will, however, try and update this blog somewhat. I want to try and share knowledge for job hunting bootcamp graduates, because the reality I've realized is that the bootcamp market kinda sorta sucks out loud for y'all.
>
> Why is that?
>
> Well...it's complicated. Maybe another time.
